at least four Palestinians have been
killed after confrontations with Israeli
forces in the occupied West Bank it
happens during a raid near the city of
kilia at least seven Palestinians have
been arrested Israeli soldiers have also
stormed the Janine refugee camp as well
as the city of
suit for more on all of this Bernard
Smith joins us live from rala in the
occupied West Bank and Bernard do we
have any more details about the
circumstances around the four
Palestinians that were
killed
well Tommy had there were at least a
dozen raids across the occupied West
Bank overnight the most serious of those
raids was in azun this small town to the
east of cilia City we know that violent
confrontations erupted between
Palestinians and Israeli Security Forces
an improvised explosive device was
thrown at an Israeli military Jeep and
during those confrontations four
Palestinians were shot dead they were
but their bodies were also taken away
this that also is not particularly
unusual with Israelis keeping bodies of
those killed uh in raids in fact since
uh October the 7th and the start of the
war in Gaza 46 bodies have been withheld
by the Israelis and they've got 194 in
total since 2016 and there was also
another violent raid in Janine those
raids are on every night really in
Janine these days it's a center of
Palestinian resistance and there were
also violent confrontations there
between Palestinians and the Israeli
Security Forces okay thanks for that
update that's Bernard Smith for us in
rala